---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---



The git exercises done in class touched on areas that I had not paid attention to before. Such as merge, status and other functions. I have only done the most basic mkdir, cd, ls, git add and other commands before. I think this kind of exercise is very necessary. It is an important way for us to learn version control. I'm glad I got everything I needed done in class, which took a lot of the load off my shoulders.
<!--more-->

To be honest, I have never completed a project with anyone other than Chinese before. So communication is a problem for me, especially when the team members speak very fast or use some American slang, I feel confused. In the past, when I worked in teams with other people, my working mode was to divide the work into several parts, and then find a way to integrate them after everyone completed them. Sometimes this integration was rather blunt. But for this extension, we must ensure that it is a whole. So it was a new experience for me, based on the initial version of the code provided by Harry, and incorporating the changes I thought of into his code. I think for our group as a whole, coming up with a proper idea for the extension is challenging, we disucssed a lot in that part. Thanks Harry for providing the initial idea and code that allowed user to play Subway Surfers video in any website. I added a text link to Google Play so users who enable this extension can click on the link to go directly to the Google Play page to download if they are attracted to Subway Surfers. Other features will continue to be added, and I hope we can show a complete work in the presentation session.