---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


I think what interests me most is that open source projects need to interest more people, so that contributions can increase and more high-quality maintainers can be obtained. Choosing the best data structure at the earliest stages of design is also critical. My choice is "Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around. From Torvald's talk about git: " I will, in fact, claim that the difference between a bad programmer and a good one is whether he considers his code or his data structures more important".
<!--more--> 
This is not due to the influence of other students, but because I personally feel the importance of appropriate data structures. When I was thinking about parallel computing experiments, I realized that the linklist is a data structure that should be excluded from parallel computing, because it starts from the head, which means that even in a distributed memory system, each module still has to build its own list start from the head. While array can be cut off and dispersed to various modules for data processing. The storage of linklist also relies on arrays. We cannot splice linklist generated by each module by order. Because the order of processes is non-determinism. Because of my thinking about lab in the parallel computing course, I think this quote is the most important.

In terms of progress in our group, three members of our group solved keyisDown() this week. But I saw the maintainer said that they are not currently preparing for a specific implementation of the p5 2.0 version, and our solution can be used as a verification of keyisDown() proposal. Although this contribution will not be merged in the near future, we have also made some contiributions that are taken seriously. Unlike the previous situation where no one responded to the contribution, this is a clear improvement. We're going to solve one more problem, and hopefully we can get there this week.