---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---



I was responsible for writing the Readme file and adding the "Click here to download on GooglePlay" font and the link to GooglePlay. Although this feature is not reflected in the presentation, Harry modified the version in the Github Repository. But I think he did a better job. Harry is the JavaScript master of our group. His initial code inspired me to start learning some JavaScript features. I contributed my own efforts to let Harry focus on the coding part as much as possible. This is also the first time I have modified and added functions based on other people's code. The previous team work for me was completed individually and then spliced together. I learned how to make an extension with links and insert videos through team work. I had never cared about front-end knowledge before. I never thought that a few dozen lines of code could create such exciting functionality. This is completely different from my experience in back-end development in the OOP course, where two hundred lines of code could only implement a console based ATM Machine. The front-end project gives me a greater sense of accomplishment. Maybe I should spend more energy in this area.

Among the projects in other groups, I like tyler1ify the most. I like funny things, and this extension obviously makes me feel funny. And this extension for Youtube also interests me very much. The extension function I used most before was to browse other people’s Instagram story without leaving viewing records. Tyler1ify may be able to inspire me on how to write an extension for a website that allows invisible access to others.