---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


I learned about the importance of GitHub while taking other computer science courses. Sometimes homework submissions involve GitHub, and I've heard it's also crucial in real-world work scenarios. Additionally, when I need cs materials (like textbooks), they are often available on GitHub. So, I'm very interested in how to utilize GitHub and engage with the open-source community.
<!--more-->
My impression of open source comes from the help I've received through it. Often, other people's work and code inspire me a lot and are very helpful. To me, open source means generosity, altruism, and legacy. I believe closed source implies monopoly and inflexibility, but also significant profits. For example, the Windows operating system brought huge profits to Bill Gates. However, open source means a project has a great chance of being perfected, as it can be improved with many opinions and modifications.

I'm currently using a textbook on operating systems, which helps me better understand the content of my operating system class. As a Chinese student, this Chinese version of the textbook is very helpful to me. Its exquisite layout is also very appealing. I was also attracted to a project with solutions for the CMU CSAPP lab. Although the course is open source, the lab is quite challenging. It's hard to start on my own at the beginner stage, and these open-source solutions helped me understand how to implement a project and the author's thought process. The third resource I found very beneficial is a guide to CS self-learning. This guide provides all the computer science fields' corresponding online sources and courses, saving me a lot of time searching. The fourth valuable resource is the gatech course on Intro to HPC. All materials for this course are open source; you can even join online sessions through ed and access all materials and exercises. I plan to self-study this course this semester, and without such open-source materials, I believe the cost of my learning would be significantly higher.

Below are the three links to the open source project and one link to Gatech Intro to HPC online course website, I joined Ed session in that page.

1. [Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces (OSTEP) Translations](https://github.com/remzi-arpacidusseau/ostep-translations)
2. [Peking University CS Self-Learning](https://github.com/PKUFlyingPig/cs-self-learning)
3. [CSAPP Labs by Exely](https://github.com/Exely/CSAPP-Labs)
4. [Georgia Tech CSE 6220: Intro to High-Performance Computing](https://omscs.gatech.edu/cse-6220-intro-hpc)

