---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


In Christopher's talk this week, I learned some details about the Tidepool product, saw the advantages of using Tidepool on different devices, and also saw the limitations of still needing to keep the device within a certain range. (This is not Tidepool’s fault) Tidepool’s page is very beautiful and the data is very detailed, which surprised me because I thought that open source, non-profit software could not achieve this level.
<!--more--> 
And I was very happy to see that he answered the questions I asked at the end of his presentation, taking more time than answering other questions. But he said that for competitors’ business models, how they operate, I need to ask them. I think knowing your opponent is an important thing in any competitive endeavor, and I was a little disappointed by his answer.

Regarding the progress of our group, I am very happy that I completed the Japanese document translation and solved an issue this week. Because the PR of my Japanese translation did not pass, I had to merge the two into one. We wrote an email to the NYU professor last week, but he did not reply. We stucked on the proposal, and we are now focused on solving the issue. I had planned to provide a new data structure for p5 Utility last week, but when I looked deep inside the code, test what I wrote, I found that this plan was not feasible, because for the existing data structure, for example, array, in the core part There are many other functions to support it. I originally thought adding a new data structure wouldn't be too difficult, but now I think it is.