---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


I observed the film industry using open source software for color pipleling and file distribution. Each person only participates in a part of the film production, and each part is spliced into the final complete work. This saves time and money for creation in bringing everyone together. Open source technology makes film production more convenient. For start-up commercial open source software, investors focus on the influence of the open source community, the quality of the leaders of the project, and what kind of value the software can bring. This shows that whether it is open source or inner source software, the most important thing is the commercial value brought
<!--more--> 
by the software and whether it can benefit others. As an open source, leaders become more important, because the leader's reputation in community determines the development and attention of the project in the early stage. I think it is actually more difficult for open source software to develop and grow than inner source software. Although inner-source software companies have less employees exiciting about what they are doing, they are huge in amount. For an open source project, it can be very difficult to find passionate employees of the same amount. But open source can indeed quickly filter out people who are really interested in this project. So I think this is an important reason why commercial software uses the open source model.

Regarding the progress of the group, I will complete the Japanese contributor doc contribution soon and push it to the fork of our group. And I will focus on coding issues next. My current idea is to add a new data structure to the utility directory. Now there is only array. I want to add tree or linklist. Users can use arrays to draw graphics, and I think they should also be able to draw graphics through trees or linklists. I don’t know the final picture of the drawing after completion, wanna try this out soon.