---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---



Of the projects I have seen so far, I think Numpy is the most exciting to me. I see updates on the github site every day, which makes me feel like I'll get timely feedback if I ask questions. But for a very large project like this, I worry that I don't have enough ability to solve the problems quickly enough, because they are solved too fast. I think it may be more realistic to find some small projects like Alex to contribute, and have enough time to report issues and solve issues. But Alex 
<!--more-->
is a project that completely depends on the individual, which is the same worrying situation that the teacher talked about in class. I also evaluated anubis in the group session. I think the communication and contribution way for Anubis is not good, and I don’t want to contribute to Anubis. Communicating with Anubis community need permission, the discord link is broken, and requires permission to actually run the software.
I also used numpy in cs479, so I think big projects will make people feel cool, while small projects may give people less sense of accomplishment. But based on my current capabilities, my contribution to projects like numpy may be limited to documentation.

On the other hand, the installation of Anubis is the most troublesome, and it is basically a one-person project, with little contribution from other people. Although Alex is basically a one-person project, the feedback made by that person is very good. The installation and other processes for Alex are also simple enough. So I'm interested in helping Alex. I think the ideal situation is that this project is run by 2-3 people, the scale is not too large, and the number of commits does not exceed 1,000, which shows that it is still in the early stages of development. I hope that if possible, I can contribute to a project of this size.