---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---



My initial thought was that I heard that Linux was developed by the open source community, and people are using Linux extensively. This made me curious because the other two systems I initially heard about, Windows and Mac, were developed by companies and they are for profit. I'm curious how open source systems like Linux haven't been eliminated by these two. I think people who work on open source projects have a dedicated spirit. I have to say that this spirit is very lacking among the young people
<!--more-->
of our generation. What we are most concerned about is money and social status. For some large projects, such as numpy, maintainers can respond to issues very quickly. And they reply to these issues without asking for anything in return. This shows that everything they do is based on their love and not purely utilitarian goals. I think I may only be able to contribute to this kind of project in the short term. I can't commit to it for several years like these maintainers. I wonder if my thoughts will change as I reach middle age. I hope I can also develop a library that everyone can use. Especially since China has not made much achievements in this area, I would feel very excited if I could be the first person to make a broad impact.

Therefore, for our team, some large projects will make us feel very stressed, because issues are resolved very quickly, and our ability may only be able to deal with some documentation issues. We are still looking for a suitable target, we made sure the meeting time for out group, and we intend to look for a Python-based project. Now we have scikit learn but probably we will change. We set up a discord channel and picked a few projects together in class. Some of them were based on chatgpt API and were rejected by us. It is indeed a challenge to find some projects of moderate scale that we can make an impact on. We will focus on this issue at next week's group meeting.